Update aggregator page (#2)
xdaluca/erc-7786: docs/pages/aggregator.mdx

This is what `ERC7786Aggregator` brings to the table. The logic is similar to a multisig, where a threshold of signers must sign a transaction in order to execute it, in the aggregator the message sent from the source chain must be sucessfully sent through different gateways before being executed on the destination chain.

## How it works

The aggregator contract implements both the `IERC7786GatewaySource` and `IERC7786Receiver` interfaces. This means that from a caller’s perspective, sending a message through the aggregator works the same way as if they were interacting with any single ERC7786-compliant bridge or adapter. The difference is that instead of forwarding the message to just one endpoint, the aggregator dispatches it across multiple gateways.
In the diagram below it's possible to see how a 2-out-of-3 aggregator works:

> ![Aggregator diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/luiz-lvj/erc-7786/technical/docs/assets/aggregator-diagram.jpg)

Reviewer: I'd remove the title that is embedded in the image that says "7786 Diagram v1.0".

### Configuring the Aggregator

When the aggregator contract is first deployed, it accepts a list of initial gateways along with a threshold value. These gateways must be addresses of contracts that support the `IERC7786GatewaySource` interface. The threshold, on the other hand, is used to define the number of confirmations needed before a message is considered valid. During deployment, the constructor adds each gateway to an internal collection and sets the threshold to the provided value.

After initialization, the contract owner retains the ability to adjust these settings:

 - **Add or Remove Gateways**: The owner can introduce a new gateway address into the aggregator’s registry or remove an existing one. This flexibility allows the aggregator to evolve over time, accommodating new bridging solutions or removing deprecated ones.

 - **Update Threshold**: The owner can update the threshold whenever the system’s needs change. Depending on your protocol’s requirements, you might want a higher threshold for added security (e.g., requiring multiple gateways to confirm a message) or a lower threshold for quicker approvals and reduced costs.

> Because these functions can alter the fundamental behavior of how messages are dispatched and confirmed, they are restricted to the contract owner. By placing these controls in the hands of a trusted administrator, the aggregator can adapt to new conditions without compromising security.

Reviewer: "Trusted administrator" is not a positive thing, it's neutral at best, so we should be careful with the wording here. I'd replace with:

```suggestion
Because these functions can alter the fundamental behavior of how messages are dispatched and confirmed, they are restricted to the contract owner. Note that the security of the aggregator relies on an honest owner, so carefully consider what are acceptable trust assumptions in the context of your protocol.
```

 - **Iterate through all gateways:** The aggregator keeps an array (named `_gateways`) that contains references to all supported gateways. Each gateway MUST implement `IERC7786GatewaySource` for message compatibility, so the aggregator can loop over this list and relay the same message to each gateway.

 - **Collect message identifiers:** If any gateway returns an ID (represented as a `bytes32` value) when the message is sent, the aggregator records that ID in an “outbox” data structure. Each entry in this outbox links the gateway’s address to the ID it generated for tracking purposes.

 - **Aggregate results:** Because multiple gateways might generate different identifiers, the aggregator keeps track of all non-zero IDs it receives. These can be used later for confirmation or troubleshooting if a particular gateway’s message fails or encounters delays.

 - **Return an outbox identifier:** After processing all gateways, the aggregator can also provide a single identifier that references the entire operation, making it easier for the user to follow up on the message dispatch.

> Thanks to this approach, the aggregator allows an user to send a single cross-chain message in a standardized format — consistent with `ERC7786` — and still benefit from the redundancy of multiple gateways. This design minimizes trust in any single bridge and can offer additional security and reliability benefits in environments that demand a higher level of assurance.

Reviewer: See previous comment.

Author: I'm removing it.

After incrementing the count of received deliveries, the aggregator checks whether the message has reached the threshold. If the threshold is met and the message has not yet been executed, the aggregator sets the executed flag to prevent re-entry, then constructs a function call to the intended recipient’s `executeMessage`. 
This call includes the message identifier (converted to a string), the source chain, the original sender, the original payload, and any attributes. Note that the receiver must implement the `IERC7786Receiver` interface.

If this final call succeeds, the aggregator emits an event indicating that execution was successful. If it fails or returns an unexpected value, the aggregator rolls back the executed flag so that a retry might be possible, then emits an event to signal the failed attempt. Because multiple gateways may continue to deliver the same message after the threshold has been reached, the aggregator includes a safeguard that checks the executed flag and prevents any further attempts to execute the same message. This ensures the final recipient gets called only once, even when multiple gateways are involved.

> The threshold mechanism provides an added layer of security. Instead of relying on a single gateway to prove that a cross-chain message has arrived, the aggregator can wait for confirmations

Reviewer: This "conclusion" is sort of present in both sections. It looks weird, and it seems redundant with the Advantages section. I would remove.

Author: It makes sense, I'm removing it

Author: I think the first paragraph `If this final call succeeds...` is important to show the possibility of retry and how that works on the Aggregator, so I'm keeping it for now and removing the other paragraph.
